Here we have examples of Google Colaboratory (aka Colab or simply colabs) notebooks trained on various datasets. 

The tutorial notebook 
[Easy_Object_Detection_With_Custom_Data_Demo_Training](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1p1KEb37RS3h5HvjxSzcByeCmWdhdYBOD) shows how to quickly train an object detector based on the Mobilenet SSDv2 network. After training is complete, it also shows how to convert the model to a format usable by OpenVINO. The converted model can then be [converted locally to a blob](https://github.com/luxonis/depthai#conversion-of-existing-trained-models-into-intel-movidius-binary-format) in order to run on our DepthAI platform and modules. And that's it, in less than a couple of hours a fairly advanced proof of concept object detector can run on DepthAI to detect objects of your choice and their associated spatial information.

The [Corona Mask Detection Demo Training](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1uY5vekGK7S6uD88d28G861SIRh9yYbjJ) shows another example of a more complex object detector. The training data set consists of people wearing or not wearing masks for viral protection. There are almost 700 pictures with approximately 3600 bounding box annotations. The images are complex: they vary quite a lot in scale and composition. Nonetheless, the object detector does quite a good job with this relatively small dataset for such a task. Again, training takes around 2 hours. Depending on which GPU the Colab lottery assigns to the notebook instance, training 10k steps can take 2.5 hours or 1.5 hours. Either way, a short period for such a good quality proof of concept for such a difficult task. 
 

